
Effective learning requires time, comfort and peace, so it is impossible to combine study and employment. Study and employment distract one from another. To what extent do you think the statements are realistic? support your opinion with examples.
 -> 공부와 구직은 병행되기가 어렵다 -> 하지만 내가 좋아하는 일과 구직이 동일 시 되면 병행 가능
 -> 빠른 구직을 해야되는 것이 자신이 좋아하는 일을 찾는 것에 걸림돌

Many people argue that balancing study and employment is challenging. The main reason for this opinion is that effective learning requires time, and it leads to it being impossible to combine study and employment. In my opinion, the statements are quite realistic, but it depends on how much one likes their job or major.
In usuall, most of people dissatisfied with their job or major. These days, cause of the financial inflation, people have to earn money quickly even if they do not want to .To support their family or save money for future aspects, they have to be hired quickly. These reasons make someone afraid to find what they like to do and which job they are good at.

On the contrary, if someone loves their major and wants to work in a related field, I think  it is possible to combine study and employment. Because, someone who is interested in their major, preparation for employment is the same as their study. Futhermore it leads to  diversitifying someone's skills, and it is related to their successful employment.

To conclude, the statements about combining study and employment depend on a person's personality and circumstances. However, coinciding the interests and job lead you to irreplaceable expert in your group and it will be much valuable for your future prospects.




Some people believe that nowadays we have too many choices.
To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement?
 -> 인터넷과 기술에 발전으로 선택의 폭이 넓어졌다
 -> 집에서 클릭한번으로 원하는 강의 수강도 가능하고 쇼핑도 가능하다
 -> 이러한 선택은 market field에서 boosts quality and nice price 제공시킴
 -> 단점도 있지만 장점이 더크다
 -> Our various range of choices offering plenty of opportunities for personal growth and satisfaction.


These days, many people believe that there are many choices in our life. This essay will express my agreement with this idea, claiming that the many choices nowadays offer more advantages than disadvantages.

Time goes on, the development of technology and internet makes us learn new things very easily.
Everyone can learn new things whatever they want in everywhere with one click on the homepage to attend the online class.
We can use various source to learn new things such as social media and other platforms. Also, people can meet not only the desire for studying but also the desire for consumption by using internet. This variety makes it easier for people to choose.

Furthermore, a wide range of choices promotes health competition among business, which usually benefits to consumers.
In a market filled with options, companies work hard to satisfy their consumer to choose their stuffs. This competition not only boosts the quality of stuffs but also leads to nice price. Thus, the plenty of choices support the economy

On the other hand, there are some disadvantage with various choices. There are lots of true information on the internet but also fake data is in there. Moreover, cyber treatment such as pishing and virus in the fake homepages are increased. So whenever we access to the internet, we have to pay attention, if is it real data or not.
In conclusion, various choices lead to some disadvantage, but the advantages are far greater. Our various range of choices offering plenty of opportunities for personal growth and satisfaction.


Every country in the world has problems with pollution and damage to the environment. Do you think these problems can be solved 15:30 23

Many problems with pollution and damage to the environment in every country are getting increase these days. This essay will argue that the prblems and solutions .

There are various reasons behind these issues. 


Some people hold that we should spend the amount of time and money on the protection of wild animals. some people argue that they should be spent on human populations. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
-> 두 개 다 중요함 밸런스를 맞추어야함
-> 사람들의 교육, 건강시스템에도 신경써야함
→> In some regions, many children are killed by disease due to lack of clean water.
While it has been a long debate whether we should spend the amount of time and money on the protection of wild species or to the human being. I totally agree with the former prospect because we have responsibility to protect wild life. Species have their own roles in ecosystem.
To begin with, many species are extinct over a few decades.
There are various reasons behind the extinction of wild animals.
First of all, many habitats such as forest and north area are destroyed by human's greed. People cut down the trees for their paper and make toxic gas made from many factories. Furthermore, these behavior cause global warming. Many wild animals don't have the right place to live.
Second, people always loved hunting wild animals to show their superiority which has led to extinction of many species. For example, it is hard to find tigers and wolves in Korea because of the hunting trend in Ioth century. Loss of species has caused a great imbalance in the ecosystem Moreover, many scientists predict that the extinction of bee leads to extinction of human.
On the other hand, some people insists to pay attention at human beings. Some area, many people are dying because of poverty. Lack of water and foods is the crucial problem in our society and we have to handle it.
To conclude, although spend money and time for human being is essential for our life, it is far more significant for people to protect the wildlife and ecosystem.
The growing number of overweight people is putting a strain on the healthcare system.
Some people think that the best way to deal with this problem is to introduce more physical education lessons in school curriculum. To what extent to you agree?
-> 어렸을 때 스포츠와 바른 자세 유지 -> 비만 줄이는데 큰도움
-> 어렸을 때 운동은 커뮤니케이션 스킬과 유대감 형성에도 큰도움
-> 티비, 게임하는 거 대신에 매우 유용함
